Thank you, Eric. Okay, so um it's 7
o'clock. I want to call this
uh town of Andover Board of Selectman
special meeting for Thursday, June 26 to
order at 700 p.m.
Our first order of business is the
pledge of allegiance. I pledge
allegiance to the flag of the United
States of America, to the republic for
which it stands, one nation under God,
indivisible, with liberty, and justice
for all. Okay. Uh, item two, public
speak. Uh, Valerie Bruno.
Hi. I am just here to support the
amendment so that we get the solar put
in this summer. So,
Kimberly Persan, I'm just listening.
Thank you. Okay. All right. Um item
three, discuss and possible action on
the new amendment for the AES solar
project. So um we received the agreement
last week.
Uh Monday we or I sent it to attorney
Ryan to review. He dealt with the board
of education
uh attorneys on the amendment which he
had been dealing with before. So, uh,
just the question for you, Attorney
O'Brien. The agreement
matches everything that was discussed at
the Tom meeting and everything that
we've talked about previously. Yeah,
it's legally sound. I uh I conducted a
very thorough review uh over the past
several the past week, I guess. Talked
to um Eric Anderson about it. talk to
you, talked to u Matt Reelli, the
attorney for the board of education who
specializes in uh these kinds of
projects. And we had a great discussion
yesterday for an hour and a half or so.
And uh I've reached the conclusion that
um I'm I'm going to urge the board of
selectmen to approve the agreement.
Okay. All right. Thank you. Um are those
new glasses?
These are uh these are uh window frame.
Uh, no, they're not window frames. I'm
sorry. They're reading reading glasses.
Glasses. Yeah, they're okay. Some people
call them cheaters. That's all right.
I'm just I'm just joking. Uh, so the
only issue that was changed uh
financially was related to the number of
panels that are being put on the roof.
So, Eric, do you know the total number
of panels that were being reduced by?
Uh, well, it's reduced down to 226.
I think it's a loss of around 20 between
20 and 30 panels. I don't have the exact
figure.
Okay. So, somewhere in the range of 10%.
Correct.
All right.
Okay. So um the only thing that was
changed other than the number of panels
was the kilowatt hour to be paid over
the lifetime of the agreement moved from
11.24 cents to 14.85 cents. So
that is a greater percentage of the
of the overall project than the panels,
but uh is still better than what the
board of education is currently paying.
Is that accurate, Eric? That's correct.
Okay. And so and it holds it holds
steady for 20 years.
Correct. Okay. All right. Um, anybody
else have any other questions or
anything they want to ask to Attorney
O'Brien, to Valerie, to Eric?
Okay. Ann, would you like to make a
motion?
I'd like to move that we approve the
second amendment to the solar power and
services agreement that has been
approved already by the board of
education.
You're on mute, Scott, but I'm I'm
assuming you wanted to second that.
Second that, Jeff. Okay. Any further
discussion?
Okay. Um, Carol, if you could uh you can
unmute yourself now. We're going to
vote. We need to hear you.
Muted now. You're good. Okay. Okay. All
right. All those in favor
I I I
uh Eric, when this gets transcribed, can
you make sure that the vote was 4?
[Music]
Yep. Thank you. All right. Um
we have nothing else on the agenda.
We're going to move to public speak.
Valerie Bruno,
thank you. We look forward to the
project. Kimberly Persan. I'm all set.
Thank you. All right. Uh I make a motion
to adjurnn.
Second. Carol seconded. All right. All
those in favor? I. I. All right. It was
four nothing, Eric. All right. Thank you
very much, guys. Have a nice day. Thank
you. Good night. Yep.